#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via nbformat
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.2.1
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-express
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   plotly-express
    #   statsmodels
pillow==11.1.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.24.1
    # via plotly-express
plotly-express==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyaml==25.1.0
    # via scikit-optimize
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via pyaml
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-optimize
scikit-optimize==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   plotly-express
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via plotly-express
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbformat
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
